Yeah ene
me
Yes is very much Hello everybody sneezing
It is weak 1 Strong 30 days of June 2014
It is bending and stretching from the now contracted person politician
I'm an idiot
Oh dear
A strange friend
Yes cut
Check email
Olsan
I'm going to play this time and I'll show you the recipe
I want to eat cupcakes I did get stamps
The following team
I sneeze-chan amazing amazing
What
something
Hmm
Will receive like it I ticket has grabbed the live tips Nan
What 99 Do Wakan too steep
what
I do not know at all
I wonder how many times I have done a mission or maybe that flag is on
Country-made time
Hmm
Quite have Naize the celebrity of about one person
I When I was a princess-like
But
What is the strategy now ?
I thought it was a world without movies, but I think I'm listening
It What does Seiji-kun becomes the poor
Crew
Hmm
Yuko has been working as a precure for some time before Jin
Usami says
This song was heard or Imo mess heard another
I 'm going to release a vocal album next time, and I'm on board with rice ball
r
Hime- chan is so cute
In other words
Princess recommended
When it comes out the rain, it's like a cat .
U
That's cute
Outside
Black and white
Hime- chan
I declared the Princess of the Blue Sky Kingdom suddenly
So the name is Cure Princess
The name Snow White is amazing.
Area princess
But not real name
Sunday night is something complicated
Soon homework Well I tuition I'm glad to meet a friend
It looks like you can see this Sunday
I'm seeing Monday's email on Sunday
It is Monday today
I had a lot of homework
Follow
Nde I had scattered Ukan''s do pre-cars
Right?
He will
Naa's your stamp Moreover ribbon of end Pooh
I can get a stamp after all
Let's also let the nut azure loss
The phrase and the word
Snow White Princess Pure Pudding Room I like beautiful things cute
Feat wonder if each princess University of fairness and profile Jun pattern so countries N Assho
A fashion that becomes a precure to save the kingdom
It is summarized in a very concise way
I like to follow the denominations and eat in the back wing
Good at singing healing songs
Profile friend's close friend Sochi is a lunch shop
I have a lot of my own songs and I have a lot
Okada's Aircraft
That Oh wonder if is not out Toka cure Honey of vocal album like a time of copy
Yes it is 30th of June
It is already at the end of June
Half a year has passed
fast
It's been a little chat from here, though
Patis but
其Nosan we had and the screen be pressed to soon it from here Patide first turtle
OK already
It's no good
Naa wanted to go Oh
I people Mesmerize of Pretty Cure is quite everyone come like
Maybe because it entered the third day also great good it was a feeling I I Nana Mizuki
I wonder might have put one to sleep at the time of the Heart Catch
The information finally came out, but
Movie Happiness Charge Precure Doll Country Ballerina
October 11 public decision key visual also had come out
It looks like a lovely little enhancement form
The first Ken seat this time it's fun
You said you want to go to the fastest screening
I think
It was 8 o'clock when it came out, and it was again several minutes
It also is of like looking at 2 if available
Same thing
Ne
Yes etc. I'll do up
Hmm
Yes, then by June 30th, 2014 I did n't feel today's bye-bye